update staging guide to include validation (#76)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/cadence_migration_guide/staging-guide.mdx

```

A response of true indicates that your contract has been approved by the Flow Blockchain Testnet network and is ready for the migration process.

> ### Validate your contract
> 
> To validate your contract, execute the following command:

Reviewer: The sentence below explains what is actually returned, but the phrasing here makes it seem like the command performs the validation when the command is run. Maybe rephrase:

 ```suggestion
### Check the validation status
 
To check the validation status of your contract update, execute the following command:
```
